Update sys-dm-database-backups-azure-sql-database.md (#7543)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-database-backups-azure-sql-database.md

FROM sys.dm_database_backups     
ORDER BY backup_finish_date DESC;  
```  

> A friendlier resultset by joining with sys.databases and using CASE statement. Run this query in master database to get backup history for all databases in the Azure SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a friendlier resultset by joining to `sys.databases` and using a `CASE` statement. Run this query in the `master` database to get backup history for all databases in the Azure SQL Database server.
```

>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ```sql
```

>  SELECT

Reviewer: Here is the same query using our formatting:

```
SELECT db.name
	, backup_start_date
	, backup_finish_date
	, CASE backup_type
		WHEN 'D' THEN 'Full'
		WHEN 'I' THEN 'Differential'
		WHEN 'L' THEN 'Transaction Log'
		END AS BackupType
	, CASE in_retention
		WHEN 1 THEN 'In Retention'
		WHEN 0 THEN 'Out of Retention'
		END AS is_Bakcup_Available
FROM sys.dm_database_backups AS ddb
INNER JOIN sys.databases AS db
	ON ddb.physical_database_name = db.physical_database_name
ORDER BY backup_start_date DESC;
```

  db.name,
  backup_start_date, 
  backup_finish_date,
  CASE backup_type
  WHEN 'D' THEN 'Full'
  WHEN 'I' THEN 'Differential'
  WHEN 'L' THEN 'Transaction Log'
  END AS BackupType, 
  CASE in_retention
  WHEN 1 THEN 'In Retention'
  WHEN 0 THEN 'Out of Retention'
  END AS is_Bakcup_Available
FROM sys.dm_database_backups AS ddb
JOIN sys.databases AS db
ON ddb.physical_database_name = db.physical_database_name
/*
--excluding master database
WHERE db.name <> 'master'
*/
ORDER BY backup_start_date DESC
```

> Run the below query in the user database context to get backup history for single database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the below query in the user database context to get backup history for a single database.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

> SELECT

Reviewer: Here is the same query using our formatting:

```
SELECT backup_start_date
	, backup_finish_date
	, CASE backup_type
		WHEN 'D' THEN 'Full'
		WHEN 'I' THEN 'Differential'
		WHEN 'L' THEN 'Transaction Log'
		END AS BackupType
	, CASE in_retention
		WHEN 1 THEN 'In Retention'
		WHEN 0 THEN 'Out of Retention'
		END AS is_Bakcup_Available
FROM sys.dm_database_backups AS ddb
INNER JOIN sys.databases AS db
	ON ddb.physical_database_name = db.physical_database_name
ORDER BY backup_start_date DESC;
```
